Improve testdata (#502)
f-klubben/stregsystemet: README.md

Login: `tester:treotreo`

Stregsystem: <http://127.0.0.1:8000/1/>  

> There are different users that help you test different things:
> | Username | Superpower |
> |---|---|
> | tester | Default test profile |
> | q | Has short name for maximum testing speed |
> | nodough | Has no stregdollars |
> | lowdough | Only has 15 stregdollars |

Reviewer: Might as well get the terminology right this time round!
```suggestion
There are different members that help you test different things:
| Member | Superpower |
|---|---|
| tester | Default test profile |
| q | Has short name for maximum testing speed |
| nodough | Has no stregdollars |
| lowdough | Only has 15 stregdollars |
```
